In the last lecture we made sure that we actually can add recipes to our recipes.
Now it's time to output them here on the recipes page.
This is your challenge.
I'll put them here.
Choose any style you want beaded a card a normal list whatever you like what you learn about and output
the recipes here on this page.
You get the service the service already has a method to retrieve the recipes and you should have the
knowledge to loop through those items and I'll put something in the template whatever you like.
I'm going to show you my approach in a couple of seconds.
So were you successful.
Let's have a look.
This is how I would do it.
And this is only one way of doing it of course.
I'll go to the Recipes page here to the template.
And right now we only have the plus year in the nav bar.
Now I will add something to the content and I'll keep it super simple here.
I'll add I and list with a button and on the button I'll add an item to make this look like a list item
I want of a button because this will be used to navigate to a new page and then I want to have this
arrow on the right and that touch effect when we touch it.
I will of course use energy for two loop to free something and that something will be my recipes I will
store them in their recipes property and yes this hasn't been created yet.
We will do so in a second.
I will also retrieve the index of the current recipe because that's something very interesting to me.
I will need this for editing a recipe for example and therefore all this will be passed when we navigate
away.
Therefore let's add a click listener and add the on load recipe method here.
Now if you didn't add this yet this is perfectly fine.
I will fill it with life in the next lecture or two in the bottom.
I'll add age to tag where I output the title of the recipe.
Keep in mind title is one of the properties we defined in the recipe model.
Your so this is the title of the recipe.
And Below this I will add a new element you haven't heard about yet.
That's the i n.
Note Now note is simply a nicely styled component which Well lets look like a tiny note.
You'll see how it looks like in a second.
So here I will use recipe difficulty to output the difficulty of this recipe.
Again you will see how this looks like in a second before showing this.
However we need to populate this recipe's array and then also add this method.
Though we will fill this method with live in the next lecture.
So let's go to the typescript file first and add the lecture even though it doesn't do anything as of
now so it's just the empty method right now and I want to load my recipes so I want to have an array
of recipes recipes here which is of type recipe array of course.
Make sure to import recipe from your models folder.
Now we need to initialize this and there are different ways of initializing this.
Obviously now we can use ion.
You will enter again.
So if you have a look at the shopping list we use data there too so we can simply copy that added here
and here of course.
I now want to initialize my recipe's now to do so.
I need to inject my service so my recipe is service which is of type of recipe service year.
Make sure to add this import and after service injected I can simply say this recipe's equals this recipe's
service.
Get items like this
now in my recipe service It's called get recipes.
That's why it didn't work.
So get recipes and stuff that we're getting the recipes whenever we're loading this.
Do you hear now with this place let's save this and let's see if it works as we expect that to work.
If we go back to the application and go there and add a new recipe again the well-known schnitzel which
is you guessed it very tasty and I'm not going to add any ingredients.
For now let's add it were taken back to the root page which is this page and we see our recipe.
We can click on it nothing happens of course because we haven't talked about this method.
And here you see the i node in action.
It simply gives you this style.
It's kind of like a paragraph just a bit bigger font size I believe.
So just a null turtle if to have is styled nicely and to have this kind of additional information on
your item.
So if this were able to output a list of recipes to see that it really is a list time to add more risk
Bagheri I'd say so.
They are tasty too.
Now we see two items that looks great.
Now let's add the logic to be able to go to the detail page when we click on one of those items.